---
title: 2024.7.0 (617)
version: 617
shortVersion: 2024.7.0
dist: Elytra-617.zip
isBeta: true
date: 2024-09-04 08:49:00 +0530
size: 18725127
edSig: +h9A4Oou6hqwyb7tlvVEkdeAykLejca2OeiKg7+fNKU8/j20D+IdRbhholb/u82V+MNXVYFzyRFKgOUtDcS/Cg==
minVer: 14.0
---

### 2024.7.0

#### 617

- Fixed a bug with sync where the app would stop syncing completely due to an incorrectly encoded sync token.

#### 616

- The apps now use the new Spotlight Search Query to provide semantic search results, which is faster, and more context aware than the previous implementation!

#### 614

- Context menu enabled for gallery image items as well

- Fixed Folders widget article sorting

- Fixed sidebar collapsing open folders whenever it reloads

- New prompt preference: Feed Delete Prompt: control whether the app should prompt you when deleting a feed.

- Added bulk delete context menu when selecting multiple feeds.

#### 612

- Major performance improvements to widgets. Images are now loaded more reliably.

- Fixed app not checking for updates on launch. You can still update via the "Check for Updates..." menu item.

#### 611

- Article reader now shows a headings toolbar item to skip to a specific heading.

- Articles list now supports bulk selection + bulk actions: Read/Unread, Bookmark, Redownload...

- Context menu images appearing in articles (Gallery images are not supported at the moment)

- Double click on images to open in Quick Look

#### 610

- Fixed a bug with Spotlight indexing. 

- Fixed margins for the articles list

- Fixed redownloading of articles.

#### 609

- fixed rendering links in the article reader 

- shows browser icon for articles that open in the browser

If you start seeing blank articles, or articles with only the cover image, long press on the article title and then re-download it.

#### 608

- New Swift 6.0 foundation for the app.

- Improved sync performance. 

- Fixed filtered articles appearing in some timelines. 
