---
title: 2025.9.0 (685)
version: 685
shortVersion: 2025.9.0
dist: Elytra-685.zip
isBeta: true
date: 2025-08-23 11:36:00 +0530
size: 26608177
edSig: cnuvs+DunOJseZdIB3CdKhblPnfC0mz57ZHcMAcYtUmEsVdrt9H5oSk4V+A5lWkGMD9v/aek5eqvpUn68UsYBQ==
minVer: 15.0
---

The 2025.9.0 release brings Liquid Glass design, underlying improvements, and more…

---

### 685

- Fixed rendering of paragraphs, improved rendering performance for really long posts.
- Fixed code blocks not rendering

### 681

- Fixed a bug with loading and using custom fonts in the article reader.

### 675

- Improved loading full-text for articles
- Improved switching between full-text and orignial source.
- Fixed a bug where the app would sometimes crash when changing feed settings.
- Fixed toolbar layout on macOS 15 and prior.

### 674

- Fixed article reader insets (horizontal)
- Fixed reading width, now correctly uses the font size to determine the readable width instead of a fixed size
- Fixed article reader toolbar using a hard edge scroll effect. Now correctly uses a soft edge scroll effect on macOS 26.
- Fixed URL schemes not working in the previous beta build (672-673).

### 672

- Fixed bookmarks not loading after sync
- Improved toolbar layout
### 668

- Fixed a bug where the sync task would now immediately makes it changes visible in the UI.
- Fixed a bug with account resets when using the new API, especially when resetting with the full account option.
### 667

- Improved updating the sidebar (Feeds list) when feeds or folders update during sync.
- Fixed search crashing when looking up articles
- Fixed a bug where article titles containing HTML entities (like `&nbsp;`, etc…) are now decoded correctly.

### 665

- Fixed favicons not appearing
- Fixed assigning folders when adding a new feed
- Fixed some missing localisations for "Add Feed" view.

### 664

- Updated app icon to use the rotated elytra

### 661

- Fixed micro-blog style posts rendering in articles list
- Fixed a crash occuring when the app queried folder information for a feed.
- The app now uses multiple new APIs, which provide faster responses, improved caching, and a more stable environment for the app.
